[Bernie @Artemisfornow](https://x.com/Artemisfornow) -
[2026-03-29 21:47 +0100](https://x.com/Artemisfornow/status/2038342423563149695) -
120.3K Views

⚠️ Within 2–3 weeks of an energy crisis, the government can trigger a full emergency.

▪️ Movement restricted, travel only for essentials, work-from-home mandated

▪️ Businesses limited or closed, only essential services kept running (and we can’t afford furlough)

▪️ Food and energy rationed, priority to hospitals, emergency services, and critical infrastructure

▪️ Police and authorities enforcing rules, curfews or restricted zones possible

▪️ Schools could be partially or fully closed if transport, heating, or staff availability is disrupted 

▪️ Holidays and leisure travel likely cancelled or heavily restricted

▪️ Some elections and public events postponed (handy for May)

▪️ Government will step in to control official channels to guide behaviour and social media will be monitored to prevent panic or ‘misinformation’ or ‘Malinformation’ (correct information but they deem it harmful)

Remember Covid? This isn’t a conspiracy theory, it’s exactly how the UK is legally prepared to respond. 

If energy and fuel collapse, plans are in place for all of the above. Just saying l.

---

those who want to see the official framework behind this:

1.Civil Contingencies Act 2004 – Preparation and planning for emergencies

2.Emergency preparedness (Cabinet Office guidance)

3.National Emergency Plan for Fuel: summary of response tools

4.Preparing for and responding to energy emergencies (BEIS & DESNZ)

http://5.House of Commons Library briefing – Emergency planning

These are the legal and operational powers the UK government can use in a major energy/fuel crisis.

---

So no food. No fuel. No energy. No electricity. Things are going to go downhill fast when they try to “force” this through? Maybe the illegal immigrant army activated as well? Or that would show their hand too soon?

---

The problem with everyone saying ‘just don’t comply’ is that we literally won’t have energy 

It’s impossible to refuse to comply with a ‘don’t drive’ order when you have zero fuel and can’t drive anywhere

---

They are deliberately creating energy and (consequently) food scarcity..

It will be dealt with "lockdowns"/restricted movement, heavy censorship (digital id) and to top it all off digital (programmable) £

It is literally the WEF's 2030 agenda being forced down everyone's throat

---

Using the imported UN army you mean to enforce?

---

A fuel shortage will make Covid seem like a bloody picnic.
