[Uncensored.AI @GoUncensored](https://x.com/GoUncensored) -
[2026-04-04 17:57 +0100](https://x.com/GoUncensored/status/2040458811383660848) -
196.3K Views

The place in Argentina the Jews are going to move to after Israel burns is arguably the safest place you can be on Earth during a nuclear holocaust.

---

Bobby J
@BobbyApocalypse

Here is the consensus list of the 5 safest places during a large-scale nuclear war:

1\. Australia (especially interior/southeast):  
Tops most studies for vast agricultural capacity, isolation, and ability to sustain food production even in severe nuclear winter scenarios.

2\. New Zealand:  
Frequently ranked #1 or #2; remote southern location, strong food surplus, oceanic climate buffering, and minimal targets.

3\. Iceland:  
Geothermal energy independence, island isolation, few military targets, and relatively milder climate impacts compared to continental northern areas.

4\. Patagonia (southern Argentina/Chile):  
Extreme remoteness, low population density, access to freshwater and agriculture from broader southern cone surpluses, and far from likely northern-hemisphere targets/fallout.

5\. Solomon Islands or Vanuatu (remote Pacific islands):  
Similar southern-hemisphere isolation with modeled food self-sufficiency in abrupt sunlight-reduction scenarios.

---

Quidnam
@Quidnam

You may not get nuked, but your "neighbors" will kill you while you sleep

---

Cama 6 del larco herrera
@el_angrydaddy

There is no place on earth free of nuclear war consequences, indeed there are regions could remain intact from nuclear blasts, fallout and radiation but at medium-term all the planet will suffer different levels of human extinction

---

mila mila
@MilaBatyr

New Zealand is pretty high on that list and few years ago Epstein class rushed to buy property over there. Trump, Peter thiel, etc.

---


Liam Barber
@LiamBarber31
·
Apr 4
Ironically the same country that the nazis fled to after the last world war

---

Jonathan L. Basshound
@Jon_Basshound

Until they find out about all the Nazis that moved there after the war lol

---

Milan Hauth
@milahu104

\> Nazis

the "nazis" (the german socialists of 1933) were zionists, they created israel and destroyed germany

---

Abu Masari
@RealAbuMasari

Well yea but they also got themselves an enclave in Ukraine and the safety of that place is highly debateable

---

Joey
@savewhiteppl

I don’t believe in nukes anymore they would have already used one

---

Alexey Maksakov
@MaksakovAlexey

Not if you're gentile.
