[Holden Culotta @Holden_Culotta](https://x.com/Holden_Culotta) -
[2026-04-09 18:00 +0100](https://x.com/Holden_Culotta/status/2042271513630433290) -
69.7K Views

Catherine Austin-Fitts just sounded the alarm.

A pesticide liability shield will cause an “extinction-level event.”

Why?

It will absolutely destroy fertility.

And she says this is no accident.

It’s intentional.

“Depopulation” is exactly what the elites want.

“They’ve enjoyed so much success depopulating by giving vaccines corporate liability shields that you have Bayer, who bought Monsanto, coming around and trying to get both the feds and the states to give pesticide liability shields.”

“If you look at the extraordinary amount of money and support that’s coming [from] the mega rich to support this, it’s no accident.”

“There’s no way, given the science on this, that they don’t know.”

“There’s no way it’s anything other than intentional.”

“The battle for control of the food system is extraordinary.”

“If you look at the Trump policies, you are looking at thousands of different actions by government to severely consolidate farming in agriculture.”

Trump is pushing a pesticide liability shield on two fronts right now:

First, House Republicans included a liability shield for pesticide companies in the 2026 Farm Bill.

Trump personally urged Congress to pass it.

Second, Monsanto is asking the Supreme Court to give them a liability shield in a case that will be heard later this month, Monsanto v. Durnell.

And Trump’s DOJ sided with Monsanto.

In case you haven’t noticed, Trump has completely abandoned and betrayed MAHA.

@solari_the @paulbuitink
