[Kim Dotcom @KimDotcom](https://x.com/KimDotcom) -
[2026-04-18 07:09 +0100](https://x.com/KimDotcom/status/2045369144670101739) -
60.8K Views

Do you really think that you will get universal income for the 30-40% of jobs that will be replaced by AI? Of course not. You will be killed.

---

How To Survive Life
@LifeSelfSociety

The ruling class won't share anything and they won't voluntarily give up power as tools of dominance get cheaper.

Tech makes surveillance, control, and enforcement almost free, and it will be weaponized to lock you down,  control you, and harvest your organs.

---

Mhods
@OIIIEGA

I find it hilarious there’s so many people that think they will be given money for simply being alive and contributing nothing to society.

It’s extremely funny to me how they have no clue they will be exterminated.

---

SOVEREIGN AWAKENING
@SovereignAwaken

The masses have way too much trust in world leaders.

They’ll happily give up their freedoms for “free” money. Of course, they have really just given those in power permission to lock them in a life of perpetual slavery.

---

CENSORED BRITISH KNIGHT
@CENSORED_BY_UK

its more like 80%+ since robots are advancing at an unbelievable pace.

Labor shall be worthless due to advanced humanoid ai robots, while resources and the rights to extract them shall hold all the value.

The only solution is some form of communist government owning all  the resources otherwise it shall be oligarchs from their private islands policing us with robots.

---

100x Hunters
@100xOrMore

The Genocide in Gaza & regional Middle East is just a testing ground.

All programs & system must be tested 1st before its rolled out to production.

Its Gaza today & its everywhere else tommorrow. And they'll keep us in fear / locked down till they can roll out the terminators.

---

Kaaroth
@Kaaroth

They will orchestrate a war to kill as many whites as possibile. Easier to implement AI and total replacement, at least in Europe. Invaders won’t go to war, Christians only.

---

Ishan Khare
@ishankhare07

Of course just like people thought they'll receive the best medical care and on time vaccines during COVID

---

fred stone
@fredsto20126088

It’s easy, they just have to amp up the 6g or 7g or whatever emf, and the jabbed will die quickly and blame it on the virus

---

Seeky_907
@seeky_907

Brzezinski in the 70's said it's now a lot easier to kill millions of people than control millions of people.

---

🇺🇲 American soil, American oil™ 🇺🇲
@VoteLambright

Exactly.   The robot who kills you will have a name tag,  [   UBI   ]

---

Gray Squirrel Media
@HadnotJ71

Exactly, there would need to be a massive population reduction before UBI could be considered.

---

Mark
@Mark74577923

It’s crazy how many people still live in the Land of Rainbows and Unicorns. They want you DEAD. UBI, UHI it’s all goyslop. They will make up a thousand excuses in order to KILL you. Then it’ll be reported on the press that it was done for the good of humanity.

---

Matt in MA
@britishnorman

No ultra rich person wants to support a person they don’t need. The rich elites will have a world where they will need minimum help from humans. This is where the term useless eaters comes from. So yeah you’re right. AI is doomsday
