[Matt Bracken @Matt_Bracken48](https://x.com/Matt_Bracken48) -
[2026-04-06 12:04 +0100](https://x.com/Matt_Bracken48/status/2040913474122052039) -
43.3K Views

WHAT THIS MEANS:  
The last pre-February-28 oil tankers from the Persian Gulf have already reached Japan, Asia and Australia. They have already emptied their last petroleum into their systems. 

The last tankers going Europe and America will be arriving this week. After about the 2nd week of April, there will be NO MORE Persian Gulf fuel arriving before mid-May, even if the Strait of Hormuz is fully opened tomorrow and laden tankers begin heading out. Which seems very, very unlikely. 

So prepare for "energy lockdowns," including strict fuel rationing and travel limitations. Tourism? Dead. Air travel? Forget it. Cruise ships? Done. Marginal businesses? Bankrupt.

A global great depression may be heading our way like a deep-ocean tsunami. Which may include famines in countries that already operate at thin margins.

---

David keeping the shiny side up
@DavidInNM

World wide starvation begins in 6 months because the planting season is NOW. Harvey season will yield 50% less without fertilizer and even less with limited diesel for farm machinery.

---

Kat
@Katagorically

The US financial markets are propped up by hopium in a way that I've never seen in my 3 decades in finance. 

When reality becomes unavoidable we're going to see something that's much worse than 2020 and 2008 combined.

---

Mark
@ChchDave

Diesel more than doubled here in NZ. Apparently we have about 50+ days left (including on the water). Cost of cheap EV cars more than doubled. Going to hit the fan when farmers can't fertilize or work the land. Crazy times incoming.

---

PrairieGoliath
@BigPoke918

So the elites might get their population decrease after all, just with starvation.
