[Nate O'Brien @nateobrienn](https://x.com/nateobrienn) -
[2026-04-01 21:47 +0100](https://x.com/nateobrienn/status/2039429484261061069) -
459.3K Views

We need to eradicate the ticks 

Not enough people are talking about this 

It’s becoming an epidemic

---

The Lone Star tick is spreading too. 

It can cause alpha gal syndrome which makes you allergic to red meat 

Half a million Americans have already contracted this meat allergy from ticks

---

And now a tick is spreading that makes you allergic to meat! We are being fucked with on a massive scale by the Epstein class.

---

We need to eradicate the Scientists and Deep State actors who turned them into Bioweapons. By "eradicated" I'm fine with throwing them in a windowless dungeon for all eternity...with the infected ticks.

---

Possums. Do not kill Possums as rodents  but welcome them. They also eat fleas so Possums are gentle unsung heroes of the ecosystem.

---

There's a lot of mistaken information.

It isn't global warming.  Or deer.  Or mice.

It's fire.  Specifically lack of fire.  Burn the undergrowth and fields, and the ticks will go away.

Tick populations began exponential growth when we stopped letting the landscape burn.

---

Tons of deer that's how they spread because no one hunts anymore. If most rural families killed a deer every year that would help prevent the spread.

---

Thank your government for creating the real problem: using ticks as a biological weapon. Read the book Lab 257.

---

Some people actually want more ticks so they can spread Alpha-gal syndrome,  making millions allergic to red meat , all in the name of 'saving the planet' by getting people to eat less meat.

---

There is a professor at University of RI, Thomas Mather, who used bait stations for deer to apply permethrin on their heads where ticks like to attach because of the thin skin.

Dramatically reduced tick populations, unfortunately the DEM said it's illegal to feed the deer.  🙄

---

Opossums and guinea hens.  
Opossums eat hundreds a day, don't carry rabies, have one of the shortest life spans and are extremely docile to people, not a threat to have around thr house. Efforts to help the population could be huge
