[Nicolas Hulscher, MPH @NicHulscher](https://x.com/NicHulscher) -
[2026-03-16 16:49 +0100](https://x.com/NicHulscher/status/2033571353991717321) -
6,703 Views

🚨Our 300-study landmark autism report found that VACCINATION IS THE DOMINANT RISK FACTOR FOR AUTISM

We sent the 82-page report to HHS leadership.

Just weeks later, the CDC updated its website — admitting that the claim “vaccines do not cause autism” is NOT evidence-based.

We found 136 vaccine-related studies. 107 (79%) of them showed a positive link to autism and neurodevelopmental disorders.

ALL 12 studies comparing vaccinated vs. unvaccinated children found that the vaccinated are FAR sicker—with dramatically higher autism risk.

We identified potential determinants of new-onset autism before age 9 to include:
👵Older parents (>35 years mother, >40 years father)
👶Premature delivery (<37 weeks)
🧬 Common genetic variants
🧩 Siblings with autism
🔥 Maternal immune activation
💊 In utero drug exposure
☣️ Environmental toxicants
🦠 Gut–brain axis alterations
💉 And combination routine childhood vaccination

None of these can fully explain the explosive rise in autism since the 1980s except the rapid proliferation of untested vaccines following the 1986 National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act.

However, these factors amplify susceptibility to central nervous system injury when children are exposed to a battery of early-life vaccines.

Epidemiologic, clinical, and mechanistic evidence ALL converge: Vaccines induce mitochondrial dysfunction, immune dysregulation, gut dysbiosis, neuroinflammation, and central nervous system injury to produce AUTISM.
