[PeterSweden @PeterSweden7](https://x.com/PeterSweden7) -
[2026-04-08 10:06 +0100](https://x.com/PeterSweden7/status/2041789881647513902) -
92.2K Views

Translated from Swedish

One of the big problems in Sweden is that almost all teachers are, of course, total left-wing fanatics.

They indoctrinate the children in school to become just as far to the left as they are themselves.

This has been going on for many years.

Homeschooling is forbidden in Sweden, so all children are forced to undergo indoctrination from the state (more or less).

---

Elisa
@Elisa7395765614

Translated from Swedish

Finally finally, someone dares to talk about this! I signed up as a substitute to understand what the hell is going on in the Swedish school system!

I can 100% confirm your statement!!!!

The teachers walk around with Palestine scarves and hate Trump and Elon Musk!

---

Sigge 🇸🇪
@enkoppkaffetack

Translated from Swedish

I'm a teacher and would say that 70% of my colleagues lean left politically. But the most alarming thing for me is that so many of all teachers are very bad at source criticism.

---

Morgan McGeoy
@OLJWales

Same here in America.  Our Public Schools were #1 before Jimmy Carter took a Giant Dumb on U.S. with the Department of Education.  Now we're ranked 40th; Laughing Stock of the Industrialized World.  Our Schools are nothing now but Woke Indoctrination Camps.

---

Toxic Anarchy
@mavizoon

Translated from Swedish

If you compare it with Poland and El Salvador, then you see how good they are in comparison with Sweden.😂😂

---

Milan Hauth
@milahu104

most countries have forced schooling = indoctrination = slavery
