[Paul Weston @PWestoff](https://x.com/PWestoff) -
[2026-04-09 08:36 +0100](https://x.com/PWestoff/status/2042129481175904757) -
198.3K Views

The Whore Media won't report this, but Ireland is rising up. Their anger is directed at the ruling class which has made it quite plain the ambition is to replace the Irish as the native population. Ireland is now the canary in the genocide coal mine.

---

Chief_Engineer
@ChiefEngineerCE

The people responsible are in their castle bunkers in other countries. 

Never held accountable.

---

Jane Rochford Boleyn 🇬🇧
@VictoriaHa50399

The globalist controlled main stream media wont report this because they don't want to give us English any ideas! 😜

---

Wes Veith: Be Like Martin, “A Soldier for Christ”
@WVeetch325

When I see real fear in th eyes of the ruling class and govt officials, particularly the women, then I’ll know it’s truly begun. The ruling class must pay the ultimate penalty for their actions. No mercy. Regrettable but absolutely necessary

---

Hank Rearden
@HankRearden666

the irish don't fook around. can't believe anyone who knows anything about ireland couldn't see this coming...good on them, this will lead to a lot of eyes being opened and accelerate the deportation efforts across europe. ireland will be the tip of the spear in the great push back. disgusting (with elites using christian compassion as a shield) that millions of military-aged men with no intentions on assimilation with the west were dropped throughout europe on purpose.

---

ZooTotWill
@Zoo_Tot01

Some of the greatest contributions to Western culture came from Ireland:
Burke, Boyle, Wilde, Shackleton, Yeats, Lord Kelvin. A great cultural heritage. 
Rise up and take back the island, boys. It's time.

---

David O
@OzDiglife

Interesting. I have pegged Ireland as the first in Europe to civil war for some time as they still have a national identity that is strong and they believe enough to fight for. As yet critically undiluted.  
The UK is cooked though. It is already run by the Muslim Brotherhood through institutional penetration, compromised individuals and massive ownership of London real estate.

---

Frank Zappa
@frank_zapp75081

You can "rise up" all you want, but there needs to be concrete change to the point that the elite Establishment feels real pain. If you can't do it at the voting box, you do it with guns. That is the American way, which stems from the philosopher John Locke. We contract with a government for 3 things: Life, liberty, and property. Any violation allows the contract to be voided and the government to be overthrown. This is done with guns - hence the sanctity of our 2nd Amendment. Do it!

---

FreedomBob
@BobBurg76348407

The Whore media!

I like it…!  

Media is lower than whale shit on the food chain….

---

Chaunce Hayden
@ChaunceHayden

Ireland votes first woke liberals and cries when they act like woke liberals…. fun to watch! lol

---

99.9
@99_Point_9

God bless the people of Ireland. They are a great people with a beautiful and ancient culture. I pray they can find the strength, resolve, and clarity to throw off their parasitic leadership class and resist this occupation.

---

MrsRealityUndercover
@Reality_Woman

Wonder if there will be a domino effect across Europe now? 
@DavidBe31099196
