[Ryan Dally @Ryandally08](https://x.com/Ryandally08) -
[2026-04-05 23:31 +0100](https://x.com/Ryandally08/status/2040905095093858308) -
103K Views

Australian Senator, Malcolm Roberts, blows the lid on the WEF plan.

"The plan of the Great Reset is that you will die with nothing."

“Billionaire corporations will own everything, citizens will rent what they need”

“Senators in this chamber, support the great reset”

---


AustralianVanguard
@Aus_Vanguard

These are distractions at this point. We are ruled over by an anti-White regime who want to replace us and our race to die. We need to focus on that first and foremost.

---

Winter Witch
@WinterW12759507

It's not exactly a secret. The unelected elites playing God at the WEF were kind enough to publish Agenda 2030 for us lowly pheasants to become familiar with our future...

https://un.org/ohrlls/sites/www.un.org.ohrlls/files/2030_agenda_for_sustainable_development_web.pdf

---

D
@Magnolia21021T

The sheeple's fate was planned & decided decades ago by the global Zionist' 'elite', who are at full speed in invading the West with Muslims & 3rd world scum, depopulating & replacing white people, eradicating the Western way of life & exerting oppressive control Do your research

---

vilidj_idjit
@vilidj_idjit

It all started with microsuck charging you rent to use your own computer (if you were stupid enough to use their worthless malware-infested malware garbage) 

...now it's going to be EVERYTHING including basic necessities - IF they decide they like you enough to let you live.

[microsuck = microsoft, bill gates]

---

iNftking
@INftking

Some Politicians support the great reset because they've been promised that they'll belong to the upper class. The class that will own everything, & rent them to the middle class & the poor.
They're colluding with Islam, 2 destroy The West & Christianity & enslave the world
