[Sense Receptor @SenseReceptor](https://x.com/SenseReceptor) -
[2026-03-27 12:54 +0100](https://x.com/SenseReceptor/status/2037317381371154670) -
140.9K Views

🔥Whitney Webb cuts to the core of "World War III": 

"[The Trump admin. has] turned the White House into a trading desk, and they're causing all of this volatility because Trump [et al. are]... insider trading all of it."

"Pete Hegseth... [is] obviously retarded." 

"The person behind [Hegseth] is the person running things. And it's Steve Feinberg of Cerberus Capital Management, which [has] on its board... a host of ex-spooks and former top neocon officials."

"The U.S. and Israel have horrendous track records when it comes to civilian deaths. And it's nasty and terrible and makes me sick to my stomach that so many innocent people are dying so the rich can get richer."

This clip of Webb (@_whitneywebb), author of One Nation Under Blackmail and contributing editor of unlimitedhangout(.)com, is taken from an interview with Jimmy Dore (@jimmy_dore) posted to Rumble on March 26, 2026.

----------------Partial transcription of clip---------------

Dore: 

"Any, any, any comments on the World War III?"

Webb:

"Oh man, that's very open-ended. Yeah, I think this was clear at the end of Trump's first term, if not earlier than that, that this is where Trump was going to take it because the people he puts in charge, just like he did in his first term, are rebranded neocons. And they are going to try and wealth transfer through endless wars.

"And if it's not just endless wars, it will be the downstream economic devastation that the destabilizing effect of this war will have on oil markets that will cause a lot of problems for the rest of us. But not like Trump, not for Trump and his billionaire friends or for the people that are insider trading the information on Polymarket, where insider trading is now legal. Or on Kalshi, where Don, you know, which is also a prediction market where people can bet on world events, and Don Jr. is on the board of that, I believe.

"So, you know, it's basically plutocracy. And, unfortunately, the US and Israel have horrendous track records when it comes to civilian deaths. And it's nasty and terrible and makes me sick to my stomach that so many innocent people are dying so the rich can get richer.

"I don't know what else to say about it except I would like to point out to people that Pete Hegseth is a clown, but he's not actually in charge. People should be looking at the Deputy Secretary of War who's actually running things because Pete Hegseth doesn't know— I mean he's obviously retarded.

"So the person behind him is the person running things. And it's Steve Feinberg of Cerberus Capital Management, which the people on its board are a host of ex-spooks and former top neocon officials. And he used to own DynCorp and other major military contractors and is a very shady dude. He's also very good friends with Peter Thiel and that's why he gave the contract for the Golden Dome to Thiel-connected companies like Anduril who we talked about earlier being brought to Ohio and the Southern Air Transport Airport by Jobs Ohio.

"But, you know, we need to pay attention to these people that are actually running stuff. I would like to see a lot more people talking about Steve Feinberg and his role in this war. It's, you know, instead of, you know, Pete Hegseth is a, is a Fox and Friends TV host. He's there to serve that function as the public face to, you know, Boomers that liked watching him on Fox News, hoping that they would trust him when he leads them into war with Iran and boots on the ground and, and whatever.

"I mean, it's been crazy to see what's been going on with this war, because a lot of people like to paint it as incompetence, what the Trump administration has been doing in a communications sense. But really what they're doing is that they've turned the White House into a trading desk, and they're causing all of this volatility, because Trump can cause volatility in these markets just by tweeting something or putting something on Truth Social or saying anything. And the Iranians deny it because it's not happening, but he's just saying whatever to swing markets. And they're insider trading all of it."
