[Sense Receptor @SenseReceptor](https://x.com/SenseReceptor) -
[2024-06-17 12:06 +0100](https://x.com/SenseReceptor/status/1802462883248214483) -
48.2K Views

🔥"[T]he mRNA technology came out of the Pentagon. The Pentagon were the people who financed these Nazi COVID Franken-shots, and they were involved in the development of them."

Professor of international law Dr. Francis Boyle describes for Pelle Neroth Taylor (@PelleNTaylor), a host on TNT Radio (@tntradiolive), how he refers to the COVID-19 "vaccines" as "Nazi COVID Franken-shots." He notes "there's no other word for them" and says that the mRNA technology used in them was developed by the Pentagon. 

"[W]hat is being done in Florida is [they're] trying to ban and get withdrawn these Nazi COVID Franken-shots," Boyle says, presumably referencing Florida Surgeon General Joseph Ladapo's call to withdraw the injections over DNA contamination concerns. Boyle adds, "I am not a part of any anti-vaccine movement or anything like that, but they...don't dignify the word 'vaccine.' I just call them 'Franken-shots.'" 

"[T]he technology here, the mRNA technology, came out of the Pentagon. The Pentagon were the people who financed these Nazi COVID Franken-shots, and they were involved in the development of them," Boyle says. He notes "my belief and the belief of the people in Florida that they have to be withdrawn from the market, prohibited, and destroyed. They're just too dangerous for people." 

Boyle goes on to say: 

"[Y]ou can see all of the adverse reactions among people, and deaths, that are occurring all the time. In fact, right at the very beginning of the pandemic, based on my experience dealing with biological warfare weapons and their so-called 'vaccines'—Franken-shots—I said quite clearly that anything that Big Pharma came up with...that they said would be a vaccine...would be more dangerous than useless...I predicted right from the get-go that these...Nazi COVID Franken-shots would produce a humanitarian catastrophe, and that is what we are seeing today."
