[Lozzy B 🇦🇺𝕏 @TruthFairy131](https://x.com/TruthFairy131) -
[2026-04-11 08:24 +0100](https://x.com/TruthFairy131/status/2042851356864843887) -
38.1K Views

The Irish Government is shutting down Irish protestors bank accounts.

The Canadian 🇨🇦 woman that froze Canadian protesters accounts in Canada is leading the charge in Ireland 🇮🇪 

These are globalists that they more around to oppress & abuse the ethnic/ native populations in the West.

HOLD THE LINE IRELAND ✊🏼🤍

Look out for one another 🙏🏼  
https://x.com/TheBrancaShow/status/2042814903019569213/video/1

---

Jane Rochford Boleyn 🇬🇧
@VictoriaHa50399

Globalists SHUTTING OFF people's bank accounts IS the Financial Model of Agenda 2030.

Under Agenda 2030, if you are NOT a good little slave, & you get a terrible "SCOIAL CREDIT SCORE" globalists will shut off your bank account, food supply, water supply & anything else, life sustaining.

This has ALREADY left multitudes either destitute or DEAD in China, where it is already running.

If anyone is unaware of Agenda 2030

You need to LEARN about it 👇FAST!

---

bulldozervox
@BullDozerVox

🚨 DIGITAL TYRANNY ALERT 🚨

In the “digital world,” freezing bank accounts isn’t a glitch — it’s the plan.  

Irish peasants protesting insane fuel prices? Accounts seized.  
Just like Canada’s truckers.  

They want us broke, broken & begging while they push CBDCs to jail dissenters with a keystroke.  

Wake up. This is how they control the serfs.  

#FuelProtests #DigitalPrison #IrelandRising

---

Paula Williamson
@Devilsmom10

So just stop using money go back to bartering and tell the government to shove it

---

Barry white
@sugarrush840

Do not give up your guns ever. This is what happens when the government is the only armerd contestant.

---

James Revere 🇺🇲🎸
@NotesForTheFree

Yes harass and suppress and offend at any opportunity and then when the population revolts, use that as a pretext to remove civil liberties. 

CCP style control is the goal and the aim.

---

DSP
@DonnaPence5

Just like they did in Canada

---

Butter bei die Fische
@Mike_Gick

This is the reason against the digital Euro and any other digital currency.

---

Jack
@Patrick91686267

The sight of that Canadian was bad enough. If they start closing down peoples bank accounts it will enrage the public so much that anything will become possible...even a rebellion that brings down the Globalist Government that seeks to destroy everything the proud Irish hold dear

---

Freeburden
@Freeburden11138

Just wait until they go digital currency and take everything from you. We are in a global war against the NWO globalist fascists. This will not be easy or without challenges. They will not simply go away.

---

NCDude
@NCDude80

Sounds like everything an Irishman needs is free or for barter economy.  Yet another example of why we need to shut down any digital currency.  Keep paper money and things you can barter with.

---

sierra6
@ssixsierra

If the Government are going to start shutting down bank accounts then I won't be using the banks

---

Nuke Dukem
@AndrewPrit67198

Have they actually started freezing banks? When canada did this business capital left canada virtually overnight. No one wants to do business where assets can be unreasonably seized.

---

Juan Ismael Bob Tannenbaum Krepecki the Third
@juan_krepecki

They do this to us because we let them.  There has always been, hard-core evil people in this world.   Good people just handled it. Meaning they faced evil head on with an equal and opposite force.  This is a battle of wills. Who is willing to sacrifice more. No amount of negotiating will improve this. They understand one language only.

---

Taylor
@JamesTaylorHaub

This is exactly why we can't allow them to get rid of cash! They will own you!

---

Don
@The_Traveler333

It worked in Canada. So, it's to be expected. You always do what worked last time. The ONLY question is, will the Irish take it like the Canadians did?

---

Lizzy King
@LizzyKing47

Protestors have to pull out every dime before they start.

---

Concerned Australian
@concernedoz56

Hence why they want everything digital. Especially  bank accounts.

---

Truck Norris 🇺🇸
@DaveNewellPhoto

They are also beginning to shut down social media accounts.

I hope @X and @elonmusk are monitoring this situation to help keep the truth alive.

---

Right Winged CDN
@DKNExCDN

When they freeze the accounts, your life is ruined. You can't pay your bills. You can't pay your mortgage or rent. You can't run your business. This is how they take full control, and scare the shit out of everyone else who wants to protest.

---

kmcattak1961
@kmcattak1961

Let this be a lesson to all who protest against their governments. Remove your funds before the government does!

---

DesertAIP
@DesertAIP

This is they want an end to cash.  Control.

---

PG11
@pramila1144

Shawna Coxon

‘Shawna joined Toronto Police Service in 1996 and served as a police officer for 25 years, Toronto Canada in both uniform and detective duties.’

---

Marilyn Pensativa
@PensiveMarilyn

Translated from Portuguese

What nonsense! And the people seem to never learn and vote for leftists! Stop voting for these shits!

---

john mac #JUSTSAYNO
@pitzwang

I wonder what they would do if everyone traded with each other with monero ?

---

Joseph Mark Belcher
@JosephMBelcher

That Canadian woman must be a high ranking International Communist.
