[Toby Rogers @uTobian](https://x.com/uTobian) -
[2026-04-18 18:37 +0100](https://x.com/uTobian/status/2045542276580220958) -
41.7K Views

Fake promises of Universal High Income will be used to usher in the digital control grid run by AI where the government can turn off any of your assets anytime. Once in place, the government will have no use for most people and will dispose of us via vaccine mandates and worse.

---

Maria Sederholm @Wordofbeak
@Wordofbeak

🎯 We’ll be considered useless eaters.

---

Nick Fox
@raceofbased

The government is already field testing an illegal directed energy and neurological weapons program that goes after #TargetedIndividuals

---

HighImpactFlix
@HighImpactFlix

I wish more people took this seriously.

---

Kaimi
@Taco_Spamfilter

I believe you are correct. Resisting government will result in a form of debanking. You either comply or experience increasing pain. This reminds me a bit of THX 1138. We will have a control budget and become effectively cogs in a machine.

---

TravTrav3000
@TravTrav3000

It's quite obvious. With such a drastic reduction in energy, and therefore fertilizer and then AI/Robotics convergence. The only logical outcome is a reduction in human pop. Look at what happened to horses when the motor-vehicle was introduced..

---

David
@70_Seeker

Vaccine mandates is the real trigger for me, as that indeed will be the end game.

---

Daniel Cox
@DanielC7765902

UHI will be "required" when they unleash what kills at a furious rate, it won't be free as they de-populate. Do we really think there is no evil intent of vertically integrated dope and poison makers.

---

🌊WaterIsLife🌊
@CareManagement_

Exactly. People will be told that all they need in order to receive these finds is digital ID, and then, if/when it goes live, they’ll be told the conditions needed to receive those funds, conditions that will, most certainly, undermine their very survival. You CAN say no.

---

Di$count Megan Fox
@no_luck_4_you

Exactly what is happening in Mexico right now with the universal healthcare

---

Ussi (matematica e proporzioni sono tue amiche!)
@Ussignur_

a "State Income" is perfect for compulsion: you have no job, you need the income, so they can say "do you want the money? now you must inject yourself this pharma... do it or..."

---

mm
@jgkdlelrkgndlk

The only thing the government can provide universally is poverty.

---

keith welch
@keithwelchpdx

The same people promising high income have the ability to pay us more right now and are not, they are lying thieves trying to spin a story so we don’t revolt.

---

Sensei Scramblin
@ScramblinU

Already delivered the kill jabs.  Notice how turbo cancer is on the run now.  They needed the few years of separation for the plausible deniability.

---

Lost Pilgrim
@LostPilgrim7320

Obviously true. In previous ages, even the lowest peasants produced something of value, if only a little grain. Even the worst tyrants had to respect that. If you don’t produce, you have no value to The Rulers.

---

Lana
@Lana40

And, it is coming faster than we ever dreamed possible.
