[ZeeeMediaOfficial @zeeemedia](https://x.com/zeeemedia) -
[2026-03-23 18:19 +0100](https://x.com/zeeemedia/status/2036130804233904522) -
68.9K Views

People need to understand the danger coming our way, and they've been distracted for too long by entertainment/propaganda masquerading as alt media.

It is not in my nature to attack others, and I avoid it at all costs. However, if your favorite influencer or podcaster is not warning you about how this war is accelerating the Great Reset, or at least attempting to understand this aspect, they are not worth the time you spend listening to them.

People deserve to know the truth, and at a bare minimum have someone attempt to warn them about the need to prepare for food shortages, energy shortages, water scarcity, comms, etc.

The times we are living in are no joke, and the main job of people with a platform is to care about the people who take time out of their precious lives to listen to us all in earnest.

In Australia, people are already stealing fuel from others' cars. This is a first world country resorting to theft after a very short period (thus far) of scarcity.

None of us in the west have ever lived through real food shortages. Nobody is accustomed to being truly starving. Desperate people tend to do bad things to one another. I hope and pray it doesn't come to that, but there are people out there who do not love their neighbor like some of us do.

It is our responsibility to tell the truth. The truth is, there is always hope, and we absolutely to pray for this to all resolve quickly, but in the event that it does not (which is a very real possibility) please prepare you and your loved ones accordingly.
