# [\#52 Issue](https://github.com/milahu/alchi/issues/52) `open`: amish people, dorfkultur, vorindustrie, handarbeit, arbeitstiere

#### <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/12958815?v=4" width="50">[milahu](https://github.com/milahu) opened issue at [2023-07-14 17:54](https://github.com/milahu/alchi/issues/52):

<blockquote>

## The Neo-Amish Movement: How To Preserve Tradition in a Technological World

<https://news.gab.com/2023/07/the-neo-amish-movement-how-to-preserve-tradition-in-a-technological-world/>

JULY 13, 2023

Our third child was born about five weeks ago and we felt it was time to
get out of the house and do something fun with the kids before summer
passed us by. So we got in the car and headed to Lancaster, PA or as
many call it “Amish Country.” Growing up Lancaster was a spot we visited
often as kids. I have great memories myself from those visits and wanted
to give my kids those same memories this summer. It was also a
refreshing and inspiring look at **what is possible with a homogenous
traditional Christian culture and society.**

It’s certainly intriguing to explore **alternative lifestyles that
choose to limit or reject the adoption of new technologies.** The Amish
community, known for their simple and self-sustaining way of life, has
long fascinated those like me who are seeking a deeper connection with
tradition and nature. Many people wrongly believe that the Amish swore
off “all technology,” but this couldn’t be further from the truth. The
Amish certainly use technology. A wagon is technology. A plow is
technology. We may consider these to be “outdated” tech, but they are
still technology nonetheless.

**These technologies are viewed as practical tools that enhance their
self-sufficiency, yet they consciously draw the line at adopting more
complex and potentially disruptive advancements.** At some point in time
a few hundred years ago the Amish decided that they weren’t going to
adopt technology beyond its existing state. **It’s admirable and
honorable that they have been able to hold to this decision, cultural
tradition and way of life. I think there’s a lot we can learn from them
as we reach a point with technological “progress” now that is going to
start eroding our very humanity.**

Originating in Europe during the 16th century, the Amish trace their
roots back to the Anabaptist movement. **Seeking religious freedom and a
simpler way of life, the Amish migrated to North America, with the first
settlements established in Pennsylvania in the 18th century.**
Remarkably, the Amish community predates the formation of the United
States by several decades, making it one of the oldest communities on
the continent.

Contrary to the modern notion of an aging population or declining
communities, the Amish are experiencing a remarkable surge in
population. In fact the Amish are projected to take over the current US
population in 215 years if their growth rate continues on pace. This
growth can be attributed to a combination of factors, including a high
birth rate, low attrition rates, and a deep sense of community. **The
Amish population doubles approximately every 20 years**, highlighting
their resilience and the appeal of their way of life to younger
generations.

I often ponder the possibility of **a Neo-Amish movement, where
individuals embrace a deliberate halt in technological progress beyond a
specific point**, opting to resist certain advancements in the pursuit
of a more balanced existence. This doesn’t mean we all become farmers
and get rid of our cars and electricity, but rather that **we place a
firm line in the sand with technological advancement amidst the rise of
the transhumanism agenda.**

Drawing inspiration from the Amish way of life, the concept of a
Neo-Amish movement emerges. This movement argues for a deliberate halt
in technological progress beyond a specific point to **ensure the
preservation of core human values and prevent potential societal
upheaval. The Neo-Amish movement encourages critical evaluation and
resistance against technologies perceived as encroaching upon
fundamental aspects of human experience, autonomy, and privacy.**

Let me give you some examples.

Brain implants and other **intrusive technologies** that interfere with
cognitive or physical functions raise valid ethical questions. Such
interventions can undermine the essence of human identity and autonomy.
They blur the boundaries between man and machine. By resisting these
technologies, a Neo-Amish movement aims to safeguard the distinct human
experience and ensure the preservation of individual freedom.

The rise of autonomous vehicles and the potential for them to be
controlled entirely by software brings forth many concerns as well.
**Given the susceptibility of software to hacking and vulnerabilities,
many people rightfully question the reliability and safety of autonomous
systems.** By choosing to opt out of technologies that compromise their
security, Neo-Amish adherents can maintain a sense of agency and
mitigate the risks associated with technology’s unchecked progress.

**The recent emergence of mRNA vaccines has sparked global discussions
about their effectiveness and long-term effects.** Within the Neo-Amish
movement, individuals may choose to resist these vaccines due to
concerns about their rapid development and potential unknown
consequences. This stance reflects a desire to **tread cautiously when
it comes to medical advancements, emphasizing the importance of thorough
research, informed consent, and a commitment to natural healing methods.
This approach is panning out very well for the Amish today with existing
vaccines.**

**“The Amish are a perfect example of a large group of people who are
largely unvaccinated,” testified Steve Kirsch to the Pennsylvania State
Senate. “You won’t find kids with ADD, with autoimmune disease, with
PANDAS, PANS, with epilepsy. You just don’t find any of these chronic
diseases in the Amish.** The US government has been studying the Amish
for decades, but there’s never been a report out to the public. **After
decades of studying the Amish, there’s no report because the report
would be devastating to the narrative. It would show that the CDC has
been harming the public for decades and saying nothing and burying all
the data.”**

The Amish community’s story is one of remarkable **perseverance,
resilience, and unwavering commitment to their principles.** As one of
the oldest communities in North America, the Amish have not only
**withstood the test of time** but continue to flourish in the modern
era. Their rapid population growth and steadfast dedication to their way
of life demonstrate that they are more than a historical relic; they are
a living testament to the endurance of human values and community bonds.

The idea of a Neo-Amish movement invites contemplation on the role of
technology in our lives and prompts us to question the potential
consequences of unchecked progress. Many of us are already participating
in this movement without even realizing it. While the Amish community
provides a foundation for this movement, the Neo-Amish perspective urges
us to carefully consider the technologies we adopt and their impact on
our humanity, privacy, and autonomy. As society continues to evolve, the
exploration of alternative paths, such as the Neo-Amish movement,
encourages critical thinking and the pursuit of a **balanced coexistence
between tradition and progress.**

As I’ve written about earlier this year our focus at Gab is on
empowering people to speak freely and gain access to information about
**homesteading, homeschooling, and homemaking.** In order to help with
this goal we’ve partnered with our friends at Plain Values magazine to
syndicate their content on Gab News. In 2012, the Miller family began
**the Plain Values monthly print magazine stemming from a simple
discussion about how to share stories of mission and ministry work with
their Amish community.** Now we are using the technology we’ve built
here at Gab to expand that mission even further and help our community
learn about homesteading, homeschooling, and homemaking.

Similar to the Amish, at Gab we believe **technology is tool that can be
used to improve real life, not replace it.** When technology transforms
from a tool into a crutch for real life that’s a problem. We’re not
trying to implant computer chips in your brain, get you in a
self-driving car, or ship you on a rocket to Mars. We simply want you to
speak freely and by doing so come to the realization that you can and
will **get out of the Matrix**, not further into it.

Andrew Torba  
CEO, Gab.com  
Jesus Christ is King

</blockquote>

amen brother.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

\[Export of Github issue for
[milahu/alchi](https://github.com/milahu/alchi).\]
