# Prison for book distributor

Traunstein, 2024-12-09

The thought criminal Milan Hauth storms the Annette Kolb Gymnasium at 0800 in Traunstein, Germany.

He gives away around 20 copies of his sick book ["Pallas. Who are my friends. Group composotion by personality type."](https://milahu.github.io/alchi/src/whoaremyfriends/whoaremyfriends.html)

He knows that Mr. Teacher hates him because as a private teacher, Mr. Hauth is competition.

So [Mr. Hauth](https://github.com/milahu/contact) quickly leaves the school again and marches on to distribute books.

Mr. Teacher already knows Mr. Hauth because he has already done the book distribution at this school.

While reading, Mr. Teacher had to puke on every page and by the end of the book he had lost about a million brain cells, which he could only restore through intensive consumption of mainstream media. Hail mainstream media!

But this time Mr. Teacher doesn't want to let Mr. Hauth get away with it.

So Mr. Teacher calls his old friend: "Help, Mr. Police! [There's a terrorist in my school, armed with books and a black jacket.](2024-12-09.zeitungsartikel.md#pnp-1)"

Mr. Police immediately understands the seriousness of the situation and sends 20 men on an anti-terrorist mission.

Only a few minutes later, police find Mr. Hauth on his way to the next school.

Right from the start, Mr. Hauth refuses to cooperate. But Mr. Police is allergic to such people: “He's not normal, he belongs off the streets!”

So Mr. Police calls his old friend: "Help, Mr. Doctor! He's suicidal!“ and locks him up in the Wasserburg psychiatry under Section 1831 of the German Civil Code (§ 1831 BGB) until Mr. Doctor says ”he's no longer suicidal", which can take a few months.
[Spoiler: It took four months.]

Mr. Judge and Mr. Expert and Mr. Guardian allow all this without hesitation, because fascists have to stick together against such sick loners, and who wants to risk his job? The military and pharmaceutical industries are too powerful.

An imprisonment by secret trial in civil law has less publicity effect than imprisonment by public trial in criminal law for sedition or something like that. [Nobody wants to advertise Mr. Hauth's sick book.](2024-12-09.zeitungsartikel.md#pnp-2)

Mr. Doctor calls his old friend: "Help, Mr. Health Insurance! I need your money!" Mr. Health Insurance is happy that finally something useful is happening with the “contributions” he deducts from Mr. Worker's salary every month.

The fact that Mr. Worker is not asked whether he wants to finance this “hospital stay” with his “contributions” is not so important, Mr. Worker should simply continue to work.

The “voluntariness” or “direct democracy” that Mr. Hauth talks about in his book would only give Mr. Worker the wrong ideas, revolution and revenge and all that.

It is quite clear that such sick books have to be kept away from children, because children are gullible and therefore defenceless against sick ideas, and only “state-certified” teachers are allowed to program children's brains.

In Mr. Hauth's black backpack (only terrorists carry such things), the police find the keys to Mr. Hauth's apartment.

Two months earlier, Mr. Hauth had negligently downloaded child porn via BitTorrent. Intentionally or negligently, the police don't care, they justify a house search, in effect breaking into private rooms and stealing all valuables: Computers, hard drives, diaries... in search of Mr. Childfucker. Because Mr. Police and Mr. Teacher want a monopoly on child fucking.

Who protects children from stupid teachers? That's another sick question that Mr. Worker shouldn't ask.

Shut up and keep working! Because only work makes free. This is something Mr. Hauth still has to learn in work therapy, where he is supposed to make useless shit, like in kindergarden, even if he asks a thousand times if he can print his sick book.

No! He'll only be allowed to do that again when he's released. But hopefully he will have forgotten his sick book by then.

He says that this book is his life's work, but Mr. Doctor will get rid of this sick idea.

Mr. Doctor would also like to exorcise him from writing his diary, because this is how Mr. Hauth can stabilize his psychosis, but writing a diary does not yet have an ICD-10 code.

Mr. Judge is happy to receive praise for his work at

Akte 2 XVII 914/24  
Amtsgericht Traunstein  
Herzog Otto Str 1  
83278 Traunstein  
Germany  
Tel +49 861 56 532  
Fax +49 9621 96241 1856  
Email poststelle@ag-ts.bayern.de

Mr. Police calls his friend
Mr. Newspaper:
I have something for you,
but you have to show us as heroes.
You're not allowed to call his sick book
by its name,
just say "his staplething",
because the poor sucker
hasn't even got money
for a soft cover binding
for his book.
Nobody should read this book,
we don't want a revolution.
