http://ibfckmpsmylhbfovflajicjgldsqpc75k5w454irzwlh7qifgglncbad.onion/wlupload.en.html

----

> Has this material been published before, and if so, where?
> (describe how you know it has not been published elsewhere - for material under censorship attack, or accidentily exposed, please list the URLs or publication issue and date concerned)

i have published this in my git repos

- https://github.com/milahu/alchi
  - https://github.com/milahu/alchi/tree/master/deutsch/feedback/knast-2024 - german documentation of my case. official court documents converted to markdown
  - https://github.com/milahu/alchi/blob/master/deutsch/feedback/knast-2024/2024-12-09.zeitungsartikel.md - german newspaper articles with very superficial (and even wrong) coverage of my case
    - wrong: "wieder auf freiem Fuß" = "was released into freedom". right: was sent to psychiatry-jail.
  - [righttoprivacy.onion/milahu5/alchi](http://gg6zxtreajiijztyy5g6bt5o6l3qu32nrg7eulyemlhxwwl6enk6ghad.onion/milahu5/alchi) - darknet mirror 1
  - [darktea.onion/milahu5/alchi](http://it7otdanqu7ktntxzm427cba6i53w6wlanlh23v5i3siqmos47pzhvyd.onion/milahu5/alchi) - darknet mirror 2 - requires login because of ddos attacks

my enemies want to keep this a secret trial (german: Geheimprozess) because public pressure would help me escape from the ridiculous accusation of "he is suicidal" which allows them to "help" me by forced therapy (german: Zwangsbehandlung).

----

> Which organisations, groups or individuals are involved in this material?
> (comma separated list)

- psychiatry: Inn Salzach Klinik, Gabersee 7, 83512 Wasserburg, Germany
  - chief doctor (german: Chefarzt): PD Dr. med. Michael Rentrop
- court 1: Akte 2 XVII 914/24, Amtsgericht Traunstein, Herzog Otto Str. 1, 83278 Traunstein, Germany, Email poststelle@ag-ts.bayern.de
- court 2: Akte 4T 3161/24 + Akte 4 T 154/25, Landgericht Traunstein, Herzog Otto Str. 1, 83278 Traunstein, Germany, Tel +4986156312, Fax +499621962411663, Email poststelle@lg-ts.bayern.de
- psychiatric expert: Dr. med. Franz Xaver Obermaier, Gießereistraße 6, 83022 Rosenheim, Germany

> Which organisations, groups or individuals would officially have access to this material?
> (ie is it officially distributed throughout all people in organisation x or to multiple people in a group of organisations, or just to a few people etc, and who are they all?)

all the perpetrators:
judges, doctors, lawyers, psychiatric experts, ...
they all conspire to keep this "secret" or at least far away from public attention.

a similar case (Gustl Mollath) got public attention after 7 years when police found evidence for his "paranoid" claims of money-laundering at high levels.

> What is the threat to the sources?
> (material can be obtained by one or more sources from an organisation and flow through others before it comes to us, what are the risks to these people, that we need to be aware of, or are there none at all?)

insiders risk to lose their job when they organize too much public attention to such a secret trial.

> If your submission is relevant to a current issue, please provide details including urls about the current event.

on 2024-12-09 i have distributed my book in a "public" school in traunstein, bavaria, germany.

> When was the material created?
> (a year or date range is fine)

2024-12-09 to now (2025-02-20)

> Provide any specific details or methods you think will assist in verifying your submission.

> Any further information or instructions to WikiLeaks staff for handling and publishing of this material.
