https://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/s/hCuhj8XIta

https://www.reddit.com/r/SatanicTemple_Reddit/s/6ZtrSAefYJ

# fascists conspire to censor my book: Pallas. Who are my friends. Group composition by personality type

on 2024-12-09 i (Milan Hauth) was arrested
because i have distributed my book
([Pallas. Who are my friends. Group composition by personality type](https://milahu.github.io/alchi/src/whoaremyfriends/whoaremyfriends.html))
in a "public" school in Traunstein, Germany.

i entered the school,
and gave about 10 copies of my book
to some kids.

i quickly left the school,
because i know that teachers hate my work,
because in my book,
public teachers are the bad guys,
because they produce stupid slaves,
who work to conserve this hell on earth.
see also: [Weapons of Mass Instruction by John Taylor Gatto](https://annas-archive.org/search?q=John+Taylor+Gatto).

the school principal called the police
because i was wearing a black jacket
(st. condor tactical black softshell jacket)
and a black scarf
(beechfield morf fleece scarf black)
(it was winter)
so he was thinking
"oh no, this is a terrorist!"

about 20 cops started searching for me
and 5 minutes later
they found me walking on a nearby road.

cops arrested me
and jailed me at the police station.

cops took my keys
and "searched" my appartment,
meaning: they stole all my hardware
and my handwritten journal,
with the excuse that i was publishing childporn.

2 months before
i \*accidentally* downloaded
a childporn video,
which i deleted after a quick look
because it was trash
like 90% of my porn downloads
from search queries like "small tits".

their search warrant for my home was illegal
because they assumed
\*intentional* download of childporn,
but with the presumption of innocence,
they have to assume
\*accidental* download of childporn,
unless they have evidence to prove
that i was intentionally looking for childporn,
which is hard to prove.

> cops arrested me
> and jailed me at the police station.

about an hour later,
i heard one of the cops saying

"this guy is not normal,
he should be off the streets!"

(german: "der ist doch nicht normal,
der gehört weg von der straße!")

so cops sent me to psychiatry,
with the excuse "he is suicidal".
but i have a right to commit suicide.

maybe i will be "suicided" in the future?
another [dead scientist](https://www.stevequayle.com/index.php?s=146)...

so since 2024-12-09
im a political prisoner at

```
Milan Hauth
Inn Salzach Klinik
Gabersee 7
83512 Wasserburg
Germany
```

currently im in "Station KS2"
where you can call me
at the public phone for prisoners at
+498071718119
you have to ask for mister hauth
(german: herr hauth)

with some luck,
you can reach me at session chat:
`0528f44eec76d6aa7c801a8f5c36ec5a86aee9682ddaa3c30c188fbb4dfc524b59`

contact: see also  
[github.com/milahu/contact](https://github.com/milahu/contact)  
[darktea.onion/milahu5/contact](http://it7otdanqu7ktntxzm427cba6i53w6wlanlh23v5i3siqmos47pzhvyd.onion/milahu5/contact)  
[righttoprivacy.onion/milahu5/contact](http://gg6zxtreajiijztyy5g6bt5o6l3qu32nrg7eulyemlhxwwl6enk6ghad.onion/milahu5/contact)

> since 2024-12-09
> im a political prisoner

until the "doctors" say that im "healthy"
which can literally take forever.

they expect me to ...

- admit that i am sick and need help
- take their drugs every day
- visit their morning assembly every day
- visit their doctors every week
- visit their "work therapy" every day
- be polite and active
- not to go to court to fight for my freedom

> go to court to fight

this is what im doing now 

on 2024-12-23 i have sent my
appeal against decision
(german: Beschwerde gegen Beschluss)
to the second court

```
Akte 4 T 154/25
Landgericht Traunstein
Herzog Otto Str 1
83278 Traunstein
Germany
```

i demand my immediate release
and a payment of damage repair
(german: Zahlung von Schadensersatz)
for this illegal imprisonment and torture.

on 2015-01-09 i have sent
an amendment to my appeal
(german: Nachtrag zur Beschwerde)

Currently im imprisoned
for 6 months until 2025-07-20.

The judge from the first court
(Amtsgericht Traunstein)
has visited me on 2025-01-10
where he announced 
that he is "forced" 
to extend my imprisonment
because the "medical expert"
(german: Psychiatrischer Gutachter)
believes that I am "crazy and dangerous"
and because the judge is not a doctor
so he has to trust the "expert".

Seems like the judge has
no common sense,
no idea how human brains work,
but he has the audacity to judge
over humans every day. 

Seems like all participants
in this dirty game
are bound by orders from superiors,
and if they admit
that im "sane and peaceful"
then they lose their job, family, life.

So of course they are ready
to sacrifice a "nobody" like me,
before i become too famous
for my Pallas-hypothesis,
which is my vision of paradise on earth

paradise on earth...
aka real democracy,
real communism,
real tribalism,
real decentralization,
offline peer-to-peer networking,
balance of fascism and communism,
balance of centralization and decentralization,
...

> fascists conspire to censor my book

Hans Eysenck translates "fascist" to "type 4" and "communist" to type 1 (my basetype).

in this case, the "fascists" are: public school teachers, cops, doctors, medical experts, judges, health insurances, reddit moderators, ...

i want to make this secret trial public, see also  
[github.com/milahu/alchi/tree/master/deutsch/feedback/knast-2024](https://github.com/milahu/alchi/tree/master/deutsch/feedback/knast-2024)  
[darktea.onion/milahu5/alchi/src/branch/master/deutsch/feedback/knast-2024/](http://it7otdanqu7ktntxzm427cba6i53w6wlanlh23v5i3siqmos47pzhvyd.onion/milahu5/alchi/src/branch/master/deutsch/feedback/knast-2024)  
[righttoprivacy.onion/milahu5/alchi/src/branch/master/deutsch/feedback/knast-2024/](http://gg6zxtreajiijztyy5g6bt5o6l3qu32nrg7eulyemlhxwwl6enk6ghad.onion/milahu5/alchi/src/branch/master/deutsch/feedback/knast-2024)

with some luck,
i can build enough public pressure
to stop their illegal political persecution
(de: politische verfolgung)
which in my view through
personality psychology
is an illegal discrimination
against my inborn personality type
(my basetype 1, aka satan).

my case is similar to the case of [Gustl Mollath](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gustl_Mollath), who was "disappeared" to psychiatry for 6 years, based on false statements (de: falschaussagen) from his wife, who tried to cover up her crimes (money laundering, tax evasion) by saying that he did beat her at home (domestic violence) and that he cut open the tires of her car (attempted murder). Gustl Mollath was only released, because the public pressure was too strong, and because a medical expert ([Friedrich Weinberger](https://www.psychiatrie-und-ethik.de/wpgepde/uber-uns/)) dared to say that he is "sane and peaceful" and not "crazy and dangerous".

see also [political abuse of psychiatry](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Political_abuse_of_psychiatry)

side question: are there movies on the topic of political abuse of psychiatry?

i want to create my own south park psychiatry episode to tell my story: how i found the pallas-pattern of human relations, how i print and distribute my pallas-book in public, how again and again "doctors" use a million lies to keep me locked up in psychiatry until i give up my resistance, until i comply with their dirty game of lies. i have drafted some ideas in my handwritten journal, which eventually i will publish in my `alchi-journal` on darktea.onion

please share!

lets collaborate!

with raised sword ⸸

milahu
